Add ability to use canned staging areas for unit tests (#38, #39) (#42)
DataBiosphere/hca-metadata-api: README.md

```
virtualenv -p python3 foo
source foo/bin/activate
pip install "git+git://github.com/DataBiosphere/hca-metadata-api@master#egg=hca-metadata-api[dss]"
```

You can omit `[dss]` at the end of the `pip` invocation if you don't need
the download helper this library provides and don't want to pull in the HCA CLI
distribution the helper depends on.

## Github credentials

Github credentials in the form of a personal access token are required to run
test cases that pull files from the canned staging area in the
[schema-test-data](https://github.com/HumanCellAtlas/schema-test-data)
repository.

Use the
[Creating a personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)
guide to create your token. Give your token a descriptive name such as "For

> running hca-metadata-api test cases". No additional scopes or permissions should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guide to create your token. No additional scopes or permissions should
```

to be granted to this token as it will only be used to read from the canned
staging area repository.

After your token has been generated, copy the token value and use it as the

> value of an environment variable named `GH_API_TOKEN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
value of an environment variable named `GH_API_TOKEN`.
```

> value of an environment variable named `GH_API_TOKEN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the token and use it as the
value of an environment variable named `GH_API_TOKEN.
```

You can omit `[dss]` at the end of the `pip` invocation if you don't need
the download helper this library provides and don't want to pull in the HCA CLI
distribution the helper depends on.

## Github credentials

> Github credentials in the form of a personal access token is required to run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Github credentials in the form of a personal access token are required to run
```

Reviewer: or reformulate

test cases that pull files from the canned staging area in the 
[schema-test-data](https://github.com/HumanCellAtlas/schema-test-data)
repository.

Use the
[Creating a personal access token](https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/creating-a-personal-access-token)
guide to create your token. Give your token a descriptive name such as "For 

> running hca-metadata-api test cases". No additional scopes or permissions need 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running hca-metadata-api test cases". No additional scopes or permissions should 
```

> to be granted to this token as it will only be used for read access from the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be granted to this token as it will only be used for read from the 
```

canned staging area repository.

After your token has been generated, copy the token value and use it to create
an environment variable named `GH_API_TOKEN` either by adding it to your shell

> (e.g. ~/.bash_profile) or Pycharm's run configurations menu for the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After your token has been generated, copy the token value and use it as the value of
an environment variable named `GH_API_TOKEN.
```
